.TH sbosnap 1
.SH NAME
.P
sbosnap - slackbuilds.org tree fetch and update command.
.SH SYNAPSES
.P
sbosnap [-h|-v] (fetch|update)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
sbosnap is used to download and update a local copy of the slackbuilds.org tree, minus the .tar.gz{,.asc} files. Note that sbocheck(1) will also update the tree, and will then also check for updated slackbuilds. rsync is used for both operations.
.SH OPTIONS
.P
-h|--help
.RS
Show help information.
.RE
.P
-v|--version
.RS
Show version information.
.RE
.SH COMMANDS
.P
fetch
.RS
Download a local copy of the slackbuilds.org tree. The copy will be downloaded to the SBO_HOME setting (see sboconfig(1) and sboports.conf(5)), which, by default, is /usr/sbo
.RE
.P
update
.RS
Update a previously fetch'd copy of the slackbuilds.org tree.
.RE
.SH EXIT CODES
.P
sbosnap can exit with the following codes:
.RS

0: all operations completed successfully.
.RE
.RS
1: a usage error occurred, such as running sbosnap with no command.
.RE
.RS
5: error downloading from the repository.
.RE
.SH BUGS
.P
None known, but there may be some. Please report any found to https://gitlab.com/yuki_is_bored/sboports/issues ; patches are always welcome.
.SH SEE ALSO
.P
sbocheck(1), sboclean(1), sboconfig(1), sbofind(1), sboinstall(1), sboremove(1), sboupgrade(1), sboports.conf(5)
.SH AUTHORS
.P
sboports is maintained by contributors of the project. sboports is a fork of sbotools which was written by Jacob Pipkin \fB<j@dawnrazor.net>\fP, Luke Williams \fB<xocel@iquidus.org>\fP and Andreas Guldstrand \fB<andreas.guldstrand@gmail.com>\fP.
